start small
	one buy day
	one sell day
	work out from there


	find relative peak?




right now, just do a week. proof of concept to get a passing percentage

then maybe do some brute force to find better days

then try relative peak.



Declaration date - date which directors announces approval for payment of a dividend
Ex-Dividend Date - date that stock trades without a dividend. Typically 2-3 days before record date set by stock exchange
Record Date      - date on which investor must be on the company's books in order to receive a dividend set by company
Payment date     - Date on which dividend is paid.


Other options:
FinancialModelingPrep (FMP)

Alpha Vantage API key: N8JCFXS848UV0YIH
https://www.alphavantage.co/documentation/



high dividends 

numerai  fund
fideltyl 
short terms capital gains
real cost


pip install psutil
pip install scipy


Skewness: Skewness measures the degree of asymmetry of a distribution. A skewness value of 0 indicates a perfectly symmetrical distribution,
while positive skewness values indicate that the distribution has a longer tail on the right side (or positive side) of the distribution,
and negative skewness values indicate that the distribution has a longer tail on the left side (or negative side) of the distribution.
In the context of a stock strategy or other financial asset, a positive skewness value may indicate that there is more potential for positive
returns than negative returns, while a negative skewness value may indicate the opposite.

Kurtosis: Kurtosis measures the degree of peakedness of a distribution. A kurtosis value of 0 indicates a perfectly normal (or bell-shaped) distribution,
while positive kurtosis values indicate a more peaked distribution with more values clustered around the mean, and negative kurtosis values indicate a
flatter distribution with fewer values clustered around the mean. In the context of a stock strategy or other financial asset, a high kurtosis value may
indicate that the returns are more volatile and have a higher degree of risk, while a low kurtosis value may indicate that the returns are more stable
and have a lower degree of risk.



https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46419607/how-to-automatically-install-required-packages-from-a-python-script-as-necessary




Length of losing streaks?
Drawdown?
sharpe ratio, sortino ration, calmar ration





Create a Histogram of each RangeDiffAnalyzer. That will help show the distribution.
Heat map of final table